# CS163-2
This is a program to build a trivial pursuit game using stacks and queues. Of course we will be using an Abstract Data Type for this program but the implementation will be with the stack and queue algorithm. This program will be implemented using a circular linked list which can pose a few problems in implementation. This also tends to have runtime errors and it makes it harder to see where the problems are. I am going to have a struct for holding the card information. I will be calling it card so that I can remember what its use is when I am programming. I like to think that every function or Abstract Data Type should have the ability to be read by anyone and they could get the gist of what each function or ADT is supposed to do. I will create a stack abstract data type and call it stack. It will be in a class and it will of course hold the constructor and destructor as well as other functions. 
	These other functions will include: a push function, a pop function, and a display all cards function. The display all cards function will mostly be used for debugging. The push function will add a card to the stack of cards and the pop function will remove a card from the stack of cards. So the stack abstract data type is a data type that will simulate adding or removing a card in a card game. 
	The queue abstract data type will hold the questions associated with the cards and will hold up to three answers. So the queue functions will include: constructor, destructor, enqueue question and dequeue question. If someone gets the answer right it goes to the stack of correctly answered questions, whereas if they get it wrong it goes to the discard pile. For each card; they will have three questions on each card, the player needs to answer at least one question correctly for it to go into the correctly answered stack. 
	Obviously we are not creating an amazing client program for this program. The basic client program will run in terminal as usual. I will obviously have the functions not be able to be seen by the client, so that they do not see how the data is manipulated “behind the scenes.” So that the client does not freak out when they are running the program, I will be returning whether or not something works with an integer return type; because if a client sees “correct” or “false” about if a function runs they may be confused. My head pointer of course will be in the private section of a class as it should be so that the information can be passed correctly and the user cannot see the head pointers or such. The basic case is to always check if head is NULL. All of the functions that I implement will use the base case to check if head or tail is NULL. I am going to try to write a lot of this program recursively this time so that I can get extra practice using recursion. A problem that I could end up running into is having the data not be moved efficiently between the two abstract data types. I am going to be looking back at lab three and four to help me try to not have as many problems with my data. Another design problem could be making sure that my directions to the client are clear. If they are not clear, then the user may not be sure what they need to do to play the trivial pursuit card game. I am going to give them some basic directions in main and explain what the game is in the simplest form, so that the client has a basic idea of what they need to do.
